---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercetools_business_unit_division Resource - terraform-provider-commercetools"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  business unit type to represent the top level of a business. Contains specific fields and values that differentiate a Division from the generic BusinessUnit.
  See also the [Business Unit API Documentation](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/business-units)
---

# commercetools_business_unit_division (Resource)

business unit type to represent the top level of a business. Contains specific fields and values that differentiate a Division from the generic BusinessUnit.

See also the [Business Unit API Documentation](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/business-units)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "commercetools_store" "my-store" {
  key = "my-store"
  name = {
    en-US = "My store"
  }
  countries = ["NL", "BE"]
  languages = ["en-GB"]
}

resource "commercetools_type" "my-type" {
  key = "my-type"
  name = {
    en = "My type"
    nl = "Mijn type"
  }

  resource_type_ids = ["business-unit"]

  field {
    name = "my-field"
    label = {
      en = "My field"
      nl = "Mijn veld"
    }
    type {
      name = "String"
    }
  }
}

resource "commercetools_business_unit_company" "my-company" {
  key           = "my-company"
  name          = "My company"
  contact_email = "main@my-company.com"
}

resource "commercetools_business_unit_division" "my-division" {
  key                = "my-division"
  name               = "My division"
  contact_email      = "my-division@my-company.com"
  store_mode         = "Explicit"
  status             = "Active"
  associate_mode     = "Explicit"
  approval_rule_mode = "Explicit"

  parent_unit {
    key = commercetools_business_unit_company.my-company.key
  }

  store {
    key = commercetools_store.my-store.key
  }

  address {
    key                    = "my-div-address-1"
    country                = "NL"
    state                  = "Utrecht"
    city                   = "Utrecht"
    street_name            = "Oudegracht"
    street_number          = "1"
    postal_code            = "3511 AA"
    additional_street_info = "Main floor"
  }

  address {
    key           = "my-div-address-2"
    country       = "NL"
    state         = "Zuid-Holland"
    city          = "Leiden"
    street_name   = "Breestraat"
    street_number = "1"
    postal_code   = "2311 CH"
  }
  billing_address_keys         = ["my-div-address-1"]
  shipping_address_keys        = ["my-div-address-1", "my-div-address-2"]
  default_billing_address_key  = "my-div-address-1"
  default_shipping_address_key = "my-div-address-1"

  custom {
    type_id = commercetools_type.my-type.id
    fields = {
      my_field = "My value"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) User-defined unique key for the division. Must be unique within the project. Updating this value is not supported.
- `name` (String) The name of the division.

### Optional

- `address` (Block List) Addresses used by the Business Unit. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--address))
- `approval_rule_mode` (String) Determines whether the business unit can inherit Approval Rules from a parent. Defaults to `ExplicitAndFromParent`.
- `associate_mode` (String) Determines whether the business unit can inherit Associates from a parent. Defaults to `ExplicitAndFromParent`.
- `billing_address_keys` (List of String) List of the billing addresses used by the division.
- `contact_email` (String) The email address of the division.
- `custom` (Block, Optional) Custom fields for this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom))
- `default_billing_address_key` (String) Key of the default billing Address.
- `default_shipping_address_key` (String) Key of the default shipping Address.
- `parent_unit` (Block, Optional) Reference to a parent business unit by its key or id. One of either is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parent_unit))
- `shipping_address_keys` (List of String) List of the shipping addresses used by the division.
- `status` (String) Indicates whether the business unit can be edited and used in [Orders](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/orders). Defaults to `Active`.
- `store` (Block List) Sets the Stores the Business Unit is associated with. 

If the Business Unit has Stores defined, then all of its Carts, Orders, Quotes, or Quote Requests must belong to one of the Business Unit's Stores.

If the Business Unit has no Stores, then all of its Carts, Orders, Quotes, or Quote Requests must not belong to any Store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--store))
- `store_mode` (String) Defines whether the Stores of the business unit are set directly on the business unit or are inherited from a parent. Defaults to `FromParent`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the division.
- `version` (Number) The current version of the division.

<a id="nestedblock--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `address`

Required:

- `country` (String) Name of the country
- `key` (String) User-defined identifier of the Address that must be unique when multiple addresses are referenced in BusinessUnits, Customers, and itemShippingAddresses (LineItem-specific addresses) of a Cart, Order, QuoteRequest, or Quote.

Optional:

- `additional_address_info` (String) Further information on the Address
- `additional_street_info` (String) Further information on the street address
- `apartment` (String) Name or number of the apartment
- `building` (String) Name or number of the building
- `city` (String) Name of the city
- `company` (String) Name of the company
- `department` (String) Name of the department
- `email` (String) Email address
- `external_id` (String) ID for the contact used in an external system
- `fax` (String) Fax number
- `first_name` (String) First name of the contact
- `last_name` (String) Last name of the contact
- `mobile` (String) Mobile phone number
- `phone` (String) Phone number
- `po_box` (String) Post office box number
- `postal_code` (String) Postal code
- `region` (String) Name of the region
- `salutation` (String) Salutation of the contact, for example Ms., Mr.
- `state` (String) Name of the state
- `street_name` (String) Name of the street
- `street_number` (String) Street number
- `title` (String) Title of the contact, for example Dr., Prof.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the Address


<a id="nestedblock--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom`

Optional:

- `fields` (Map of String) CustomValue fields for this resource. Note that the values need to be provided as JSON encoded strings: `my-value = jsonencode({"key": "value"})`
- `type_id` (String) The ID of the custom type to use for this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--parent_unit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent_unit`

Optional:

- `id` (String) User-defined unique identifier of the business unit
- `key` (String) User-defined unique key of the business unit


<a id="nestedblock--store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `store`

Optional:

- `key` (String) User-defined unique identifier of the Store
