---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "commercetools_tax_category_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-commercetools"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Tax Categories define how products are to be taxed in different countries.
  See also the Tax Category API Documentation https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/taxCategories.
---

# commercetools_tax_category_v2 (Resource)

Tax Categories define how products are to be taxed in different countries.

See also the [Tax Category API Documentation](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/taxCategories).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the TaxCategory.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the TaxCategory.
- `key` (String) User-defined unique identifier of the TaxCategory
- `tax_rate` (Block List) Attributes with unique values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tax_rate))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the TaxCategory.
- `version` (Number) Current version of the TaxCategory.

<a id="nestedblock--tax_rate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tax_rate`

Required:

- `amount` (Number) Number Percentage in the range of [0..1]. The sum of the amounts of all subRates, if there are any
- `country` (String) A two-digit country code as per [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)
- `included_in_price` (Boolean) If true, tax is included in Embedded Prices or Standalone Prices, and the taxedPrice is present on LineItems. In this case, the totalNet price on TaxedPrice includes the TaxRate.
- `name` (String) Name of the TaxRate.

Optional:

- `key` (String) User-defined unique identifier of the TaxCategory
- `state` (String) The state in the country
- `sub_rate` (Block List) For countries (for example the US) where the total tax is a combination of multiple taxes (for example state and local taxes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tax_rate--sub_rate))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Present if the TaxRate is part of a TaxCategory. Absent for external TaxRates in LineItem, CustomLineItem, and ShippingInfo.

<a id="nestedblock--tax_rate--sub_rate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tax_rate.sub_rate`

Required:

- `amount` (Number) Number Percentage in the range of [0..1]. The sum of the amounts of all subRates, if there are any
- `name` (String) Name of the SubRate.
